You mean like this board?
>> Hold on, I have to think
about this one for a second.
Okay, I see that there's only one
current attack on this diagonal.
So when I move one of these
queens I should be done.
>> Sure, why not try it out?
>> Okay, well let's work with
the queen in the fourth column first.
I can't put it in the topmost row,
because it gets attacked by the same
queen as well as its diagonal neighbor.
With the next row down,
it's attacked both here and here.
The next row down is
attacked both here and here.
Hold it, there is no place on this board
I can put it without being attacked
horizontally.
Except where I had it originally,
in fact,
every possible spot
makes the problem worse.
We'll cause more attacks.
>> Is there anything else we could do?
>> We'll have the same problem with the
queen in the second to the last column.
Moving it down one row leads
to two attacks, here and here.
Going to the next row causes
two attacks, as well.
Every single move with this queen
gets more attacks, as well.
And moving any of the other six queens
will also cause an increase of attacks
because they will be
attacked horizontally,
plus we will still have
the original attack.
For example, look at this left
most queen, every row, except for
the one it's in,
currently will have another attack.
>> Does that mean
the problem is unsolvable?
>> No, I know the problem is solvable,
but I seem to be stuck.
No one move will improve my situation,
this puzzle hurts my brain.
>> Maybe we can use a simpler
problem to figure out a solution and
then come back to this one later.
>> That's a great idea.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6